CLI: Add missing `pad` and `truncate` output formatting functions (#22384)
docker/docs: content/manuals/engine/cli/formatting.md

$ docker inspect --format "{{upper .Name}}" container
```

## pad

`pad` adds whitespace padding to a string. You can specify the number of spaces to add before and after the string.

```console
$ docker image list --format '{{pad .Repository 5 10}}'
```

> This example will add 5 spaces before the image repository name and 10 spaces after.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example adds 5 spaces before the image repository name and 10 spaces after.
```

## truncate

`truncate` shortens a string to a specified length. If the string is shorter than the specified length, it remains unchanged.

```console
$ docker image list --format '{{truncate .Repository 15}}'
```

> This example will display the image repository name, truncating it to the first 15 characters if it's longer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example displays the image repository name, truncating it to the first 15 characters if it's longer.
```
